OK
Congratulations, Mr. Cheng
I know you have everything you need
But what about me?
I still prepared two for you.
Limited edition Porsche
I gave it to Ah Wei as a congratulatory gift.
Why are you so polite in the workplace?
You all give Mr. Cheng gifts
Then what do I give?
Oh Mr. Cheng
I'll give you and your sister-in-law 500 tables of imperial banquets
I invited the wedding today
favor
The happiest thing in my life
Is to be able to meet you
I know we've been through ups and downs together
After suffering
But in the days to come
It will get better slowly.
I will definitely let you do it in this world
The happiest woman
Will you marry me?
I would.
We will definitely meet again by the wind